Concept
-------
Each level is a randomly generated maze.  The goal of the game is for the player to navigate each level to reach
the exit.  Upon reaching the exit the player enters a new level and repeats for a predetermined/unlimited number of levels.
Within each level are a random number of zombies who spawn at in certain areas and will run at the player if the player walks within
that zombies line of sight.  If a zombie touches the player, the player is infected and the game is over.  The player can pick up
different weapons (that are also randomly placed throughout the levels) and attack the zombies.  Different colored zombies have
different vulnerabilities, but all may be damaged by standard bullets (though some are resistant and do not take as much damage).
Each time a zombie dies the player is awarded points.  Each zombies point value is calculated based on its health, speed, vision,
and weakness type (and maybe if it was killed with a weapon other than it's vulnerable to?)  When the player dies the score is saved
with the time it took to get that score and the player can try to beat that time/score later.  Ranking is scored with a higher rank going
to the player with higher score AND lower time (so player A with a score of 1500 in 60 minutes will come in second place to player B
who got 1500 points in 45 minutes).  The scores are also split up into different game difficulties (so easy ranks are not compared to hard
ranks).  Harder games produce more zombies with better stats, and fewer weapons around the map.  Only one weapon may be held at any given time,
with the old weapon dropped on the ground as soon as the player picks up a new one.  There is unlimited ammo for all weapons.



Elements of a zombie
health - number of hits the zombie can take before it dies
speed - some zombies move faster than others
vision - some zombies can see farther than others (their line of sight is longer; ie: they can see the player from farther away)
point value - Each zombie has a different point value that is based on their health/speed/vision scores
weakness type - Different colored zombies are affected by different types of weapons (all are vulnerable to standard bullets, but some are more so than others)



Controls
--------
w/up - move up
s/down - move down
a/left - move left
d/right - move right
left ctrl/left mouse button - fire weapon
escape - open in-game menu







Levels
------
Each level is a randomly generated maze.  Construction of the maze only requires a predefined width/height in number of cells. A
cell is a single 'room' of the maze, although several maybe lined up together in order to make a hallway, of sorts.  In reality a cell
is larger than a single tile, but will be a collection of tiles (the width and height of a cell is defined in tiles).  A cell consists of
four sides that (at least initially) displays a wall.  {detail basics of map building}



Traps
-----
Portals - transport the player (and only the player) to another portal on the map
Pits - if a zombie or the player walks into one they die immediately
fire - if a zombie or the player walks into one, they receive damage, fire also produces light to see





Traps
-----
Traps can fall into two categories:
Player-Activated traps - Traps that the player has to interact with for them to trip (activate)
Area-Activated traps - Traps that are activated when either a specific creature (such as the player) or any creature moves into a
certain area.

Traps are essentially scripted events that are triggered in one of the two ways mentioned above.  They should be simple in nature
in that a single event (stepping into an area or if the player activates an object) performs another single action.  These events
can be chained, however, so interacting with a first trap activates a first event which, in turn, can activate a second trap
to activate a second event, etc...

The Problem with Lighting
-------------------------
(Describe the problem with how I want to use a 'flashlight' to light up in front of the player without showing things that 'dont
make sense' - such as the inside of a room that the player cannot see into, also how enemies might be able to detect the player
based on if the area is lit)

Saving/Loading
--------------